All right, let's go ahead and put together the search screen, as you see here, so it's going to be
pretty simple.
Let's add, of course, this top bar there and we're going to have a search.
Text field, and then we're going to have a list of the searched items.
All right.
So let's go back first.
Let's look to see if we have that added.
So have the search screen.
We have read your book search screen as such.
And of course, we always pass our NAF controller site here.
I'm going to go ahead and add first a scaffold because I want to have this structure.
So I say scaffold.
And top bar.
And then let's get rid of this
and then let's say.
That's about it.
What we would want.
OK, there we go.
All right.
So for a top bar here, I'm going to reuse some code that would say, and let's say reader at the bar.
Remember this one here, this one, I'm going to say search.
Books like this controller is going to be enough controller to be passing there, I said.
Now the other thing I want to add is that I want to be able to add this back icon icon.
So let's change a little bit our reader at bar to add a few other parameters here.
So the next I'm going to add is going to be an icon like such.
It's just going to be an image vector that one there.
And I'm going to make this Nullarbor, because some cases we don't want to add that here.
Let me add, I'm going to add a on back arrow clicked.
I was just going to be.
Empty, that returns unit, and we're just going to say it's going to be.
We're not going to have anything like that, right?
So it's going to be optional as well as I contend, you know.
All right.
So this will allow us to then right here to add the icon and of course, the back arrow things on there
say icon.
Let's see what is the order title and then icon?
Yes, this would work.
Icon image there.
You might say icons dot default.
And I want the arrow back.
OK, and we're past the show profile right after that one.
I'm going to pass to show profile in this case is going to be false because this is not for the profile.
So again, I'm just customizing our reader app.
That way.
You can just remove some of the items that we would have in our home screen.
OK.
I can also go ahead and pass the optional lambada here, which will allow us to say something like this
now controller that I want to navigate to a route which is string and say reader screens.
I want to go back to our reader home screen.
Now I'm able to do this because remember, I've added this optional on back arrow clicked.
And then I'm going to add another if statement here that will say it fallings and say if the icon is
not null, right?
That means we need to added if an icon here, I'm going to just add that icon.
So when I say icon image vector, I'm going to pass the icon and that this is going to be arrow back
like this.
And if we want, we can give a tent color.
Red and say can't be passing the alpha.
They will say 0.7 F.
Like this
passive modifier?
And, Mike, this clickable because when do you click that?
And so here is where are we going to pass the on back arrow clicked and I'm going to invoke that function.
OK, so what we're doing here is that if icon is not null, meaning that, yeah, so let's go to reader
search here.
So this icon is not null because we're passing something, then we know that we need this case will
know that we need to pass this icon the arrow back.
So we have this structure here.
All right.
Let's see if we can perhaps make this preview of all a preview.
Let's just create a new.
Or knife controller?
Local context current like this, so we can see something.
All right, very good.
So this is why we are able to see and we still have this item here.
So let's go ahead and remove this as well, because that's not helpful.
So let's go back to our component in our radar app.
So for this icon there, I'm going to put in if statement here check if show profile is true, then
this should happen.
I put together a row here so we can put everything in one place and I'm going to cut all of this and
put inside of that row like that.
OK, this shows else.
We're just going to let's just return a box and refresh.
OK, there we go.
So now you can see all we have now is what we want to see, which is we have the search book's title.
And we have the back button.
Very good.
So that is working.
And let's give it some space around there.
Let's get this and put it on the top there because this is the text.
So essentially, we can give some space between the arrow and the title.
Maybe just about.
40 for 40 like this.
Let's see if that will work.
OK, there we go.
That looks good.
Now this is great because, as you see, we put that somewhere else.
Our readable or reader app and we can pass variables or pass parameters here.
Well, then customize our top bar.
So it's really handy because now we can see with minimal work or able to use the same composable into
two different screens.
We have the home and we have the reader, ebook reader book social screen.
So for both of them, we want the capability of having, of course, this top bar, but also want to
customize it depending on the screen.